Wow that looks like me. I have a question. What is it my dear?
How do you get baptized? That's a good question. And an important one.
I'm looks so young in this picture. Hey
Yes, you can be young like your mother
What matters is that you love Jehovah and
And when to follow Jesus teachings closely
You can show that you want to get baptized by what you do like obeying your parents
Learn about Jehovah by reading the Bible
That will help you obey Jehovah and avoid things that Jehovah hates
Then you'll want to share your faith with others
Especially in the ministry
And at the meetings
Make friends with others who love Jehovah
And most importantly
Tell Jehovah in prayer
That you want to serve him forever
That's why we get baptized in public
It shows others that we've dedicated our lives to Jehovah
That's so cool. Would you like to get baptized one day?
Why don't you learn a little more about the steps for baptism
And share it with us at family worship
Okay